README.md, before:

# Behavior Cloning with Transformers

In this project, we'd like to apply Transformers with self-attention to a Behavior Cloning setting and benchmark it against MLP and LSTM-based policies.

## Environment

We'll be using the [x-MAGICAL](https://github.com/kevinzakka/x-magical) environment, specifically focusing on the gripper agent in the sweeping task.

<img src="images/gripper-sweep.gif" width="200" height="200"/>

The gripper agent has a 3D continuous action space (forward/backward, direction, open/close gripper) and must sweep all 3 debris to the goal zone before time runs out. The evaluation score is the fraction of debris swept into the goal zone and varies between 0 and 1.

## Setup

We require Python 3.8 or higher. We recommend using an [Anaconda](https://docs.anaconda.com/anaconda/install/) environment for installation. The following instructions will walk you through the setup, tested on Ubuntu 20.04.2 LTS.

```bash
# Create and activate environment.
conda create -n bcformer python=3.8
conda activate bcformer

# Install pytorch and torchvision.
conda install pytorch==1.7.1 torchvision==0.8.2 cudatoolkit=10.1 -c pytorch

# Install dependencies.
pip install -r requirements.txt

# Install the x-MAGICAL benchmark.
git clone https://github.com/kevinzakka/x-magical.git
cd x-magical
pip install -e .
```

## Instructions

To train a 2-layer MLP policy with a hidden size of 128 and a dropout value of 0.1, run:

```bash
python train.py --experiment_name="mlp_policy" \
    --config=config.py \
    --config.policy.type="mlp" \
    --config.policy.mlp.hidden_dim=128 \
    --config.policy.mlp.hidden_depth=2 \
    --config.policy.mlp.dropout_prob=0.1
```

You can then visualize the tensorboard logs in the results directory as follows:

```bash
tensorboard --logdir results/
```

You can change the batch size, the learning rate and the strength of l2 regularization at the command line as well:

```bash
python train.py --experiment_name="mlp_policy" \
    --config=config.py \
    --config.l2_reg=1e-5 \
    --config.batch_size=64 \
    --config.learning_rate=1e-3
```

## Preliminary Results

|             | Mean Success | CI 95 Lower | CI 95 Upper | Std Dev. |
|-------------|--------------|-------------|-------------|----------|
| MLP         | 0.76         | 0.6948      | 0.8252      | 0.3285   |
| LSTM        |              |             |             |          |
| Transformer |              |             |             |          |

Commit message:

lstm policy doing worst than mlp

README.md, after:

# Behavior Cloning with Transformers

In this project, we'd like to apply Transformers with self-attention to a Behavior Cloning setting and benchmark it against MLP and LSTM-based policies.

## Environment

We'll be using the [x-MAGICAL](https://github.com/kevinzakka/x-magical) environment, specifically focusing on the gripper agent in the sweeping task.

<img src="images/gripper-sweep.gif" width="200" height="200"/>

The gripper agent has a 3D continuous action space (forward/backward, direction, open/close gripper) and must sweep all 3 debris to the goal zone before time runs out. The evaluation score is the fraction of debris swept into the goal zone and varies between 0 and 1.

## Setup

We require Python 3.8 or higher. We recommend using an [Anaconda](https://docs.anaconda.com/anaconda/install/) environment for installation. The following instructions will walk you through the setup, tested on Ubuntu 20.04.2 LTS.

```bash
# Create and activate environment.
conda create -n bcformer python=3.8
conda activate bcformer

# Install pytorch and torchvision.
conda install pytorch==1.7.1 torchvision==0.8.2 cudatoolkit=10.1 -c pytorch

# Install dependencies.
pip install -r requirements.txt

# Install the x-MAGICAL benchmark.
git clone https://github.com/kevinzakka/x-magical.git
cd x-magical
pip install -e .
```

## Instructions

To train a 2-layer MLP policy with a hidden size of 128 and a dropout value of 0.1, run:

```bash
python train.py --experiment_name="mlp_policy" \
    --config=config.py \
    --config.policy.type="mlp" \
    --config.policy.mlp.hidden_dim=128 \
    --config.policy.mlp.hidden_depth=2 \
    --config.policy.mlp.dropout_prob=0.1
```

You can then visualize the tensorboard logs in the results directory as follows:

```bash
tensorboard --logdir results/
```

You can change the batch size, the learning rate and the strength of l2 regularization at the command line as well:

```bash
python train.py --experiment_name="mlp_policy" \
    --config=config.py \
    --config.l2_reg=1e-5 \
    --config.batch_size=64 \
    --config.learning_rate=1e-3
```

## Preliminary Results

Each policy is rolled out 100 times in the environment. We report the mean, standard deviation and 95% confidence intervals.

|             | Mean Success | CI 95 Lower | CI 95 Upper | Std Dev. |
|-------------|--------------|-------------|-------------|----------|
| MLP         | 0.70         | 0.6263      | 0.7737      | 0.3715   |
| LSTM        | 0.62         | 0.5413      | 0.6987      | 0.3964   |
| Transformer |              |             |             |          |
